
'''
##Agents were defined as (which can be too vague)
"You are an IT Issue Diagnoser"
"You are an IT Troubleshooting Expert"
"You are a QA Validator"

So the LLM defaults to: “Let me be helpful and do everything”

##Missing constraints, as we didn’t explicitly say:

Diagnoser -- must NOT give solutions
Troubleshooter -- must NOT give feedback/meta
Validator -- must NOT rewrite or explain

So the model “bleeds” across roles.

##Validator misunderstanding its job

Instead of: “Validate solution quality”

It interpreted as: “Improve the content / give suggestions”

So we see :
“Feedback”
“Suggestions”
“Template improvements”

That is developer-facing, not user-facing
'''
#---------------------
'''
Issues
Structured Memory + Clean Multi-Agent Reasoning

Enter your IT issue:

ok issue is fixed now as printer was powered off and its tuned on now

Conversation
Customer: what is usage of waterbottle

Support: I can only assist with IT-related issues.

Customer: issue with printer not printing

Support: Diagnosis: Problem: Printer not printing.

Causes:

Printer not connected to computer/network
Printer out of paper or ink/toner
Printer offline or paused
Print queue jammed
Driver/software issues
Hardware malfunction
Solution: Troubleshooting Steps:

Check printer connection to computer/network (USB, Wi-Fi, Ethernet).
Ensure printer has paper and sufficient ink/toner.
Verify printer is powered on and not offline or paused.
Clear any stuck jobs in the print queue.
Restart printer and computer.
Update or reinstall printer drivers/software.
Test printer with another device or cable.
Inspect for hardware issues (error lights, jams, etc.).
Consult printer manual or manufacturer support if unresolved.
Validation: The solution provided is valid.
The troubleshooting steps are logical, comprehensive, and follow a systematic approach to diagnosing common printer issues. Each step addresses a typical cause of printer malfunction, and the sequence is appropriate for escalating from simple checks to more advanced solutions. No errors or omissions are apparent.

Customer: ok issue is fixed now as printer was powered off and its tuned on now

--Again Diagnosis (which shouldnt be happening),It ignores user intent (resolution case).
Support: Diagnosis: Problem: Printer not printing.

Causes:

Printer was powered off.
Solution: Troubleshooting Steps:

Ensure the printer’s power cable is securely connected to both the printer and the power outlet.
Check that the power outlet is functioning by plugging in another device.
Press the printer’s power button to turn it on.
Confirm that the printer’s power indicator light is illuminated.
Wait for the printer to complete its startup process before attempting to print again.
Validation: The solution provided is valid.
It outlines logical troubleshooting steps for addressing a printer power issue, starting from checking the power cable and outlet, to verifying the power button and indicator light, and finally waiting for the startup process.
Each step is clear, sequential, and relevant to resolving the problem.

So, No conversation intelligence

Your system does NOT: detect closure/acknowledge success/adapt response style

It treats every input like a new problem
'''
